---
title: v0.9.8
weight: 870
---

## Added

The following features have been added:

- Added a new plugin to provide the ability to allocate resources for ongoing cases. Please refer to [Create a project]({{< relref "../workflow/upload-event-log/project-creation.md" >}}) to see what additional info is required for this plugin, and [Update Addtional Info]({{< relref "../advanced-usage/plugin-operations/update-additional-info.md" >}}) to see how to set the additional info. You can also find the plugin's result explanation in [Result Explanation]({{< relref "../workflow/get-prescriptions/result-explanation.md" >}}).
- Added support for setting the encoding method and parameters for each plugin. You can check here for more details: [Set Parameters]({{< relref "../advanced-usage/plugin-operations/set-parameters.md" >}}).
- Separated the pre-processing as a standalone worker service. If you're interested in this development change, please refer to [Processor]({{< relref "../development/processor/_index.md" >}}) for more details.
- Added support for re-uploading the event log file. Please refer to [Re-upload File]({{< relref "../advanced-usage/event-log-operations/re-upload-file.md" >}}) for more details.
- Added support for disabling or enabling some plugins. Please refer to [Disable or Enable Plugins]({{< relref "../advanced-usage/plugin-operations/disable-or-enable.md" >}}) for more details.
- Added support for check plugin's status separately. Please refer to [Check Plugin Status]({{< relref "../advanced-usage/plugin-operations/get-plugin-status.md" >}}) for more details.

## Updated

The following updates have been made:

- Improved the way generating test ongoing cases dataset.
- Increase the maximum size limit of the non-fast-mode dataset.

## Fixed

The following issues have been fixed:

- Fixed a bug that didin't check event log's definition when creating a project.
- Let plugins send online report proactively in case the scheduler is not triggering on the core side
- Fixed a the plugin pre-processing performance issue.
- Stop accepting streaming result if streaming mode is disabled.
- Removed casualLift package's unlimited n_jobs, which may cause performance issue.
