---
title: v0.9.5
weight: 900
---

## Breaking Changes

The following changes are breaking changes, so please update your code accordingly to avoid encountering errors:

- The request body in [Columns definition](/workflow/upload-event-log/columns-definition/) has been changed. The `columns_definition` field is now required. You can easily move the entire old body to this field.
- The endpoint URL in [Start Simulation](/workflow/send-new-data/simulate-streaming/start-simulation/) has been changed. The old URL `/project/{project_id}/simulation/start` is now `/project/{project_id}/stream/start/simulating`.
- The endpoint URL in [Stop Streaming](/workflow/send-new-data/simulate-streaming/stop-streaming/) has been changed. The old URL `/project/{project_id}/simulation/stop` is now `/project/{project_id}/stream/stop`. The new endpoint will stop both the simulation and the streaming.
- The endpoint URL in [Clear Streamed Data](/workflow/send-new-data/simulate-streaming/clear-streamed-data/) has been changed. The old URL `/project/{project_id}/simulation/clear` is now `/project/{project_id}/stream/clear`. The new endpoint will clear both the simulated and streamed data.
- The endpoint URL in [Get Streaming Result](/workflow/get-prescriptions/get-streaming-result/) has been changed. The old URL `/project/{project_id}/streaming/result` is now `/project/{project_id}/stream/result`.
- The `event` field of the [SSE streaming result](/workflow/get-prescriptions/get-streaming-result/) has been changed. Previously, the value `NEW_RESULT` was used to indicate a new result. Now, it is changed to `message` as a string.

## Added
The following new features have been added:

- Users can now upload a test dataset together with the training dataset. The test dataset will be used to get new prescriptions. Refer to [Upload file](/workflow/upload-event-log/upload-file/) for more details.
- Users can delete a project and all the data associated with it. Refer to [Delete project](/workflow/project-operations/delete-project/) for more details.
- Users can get the projects by page. Refer to [Get projects](/workflow/project-operations/get-projects/) for more details.
- A new endpoint has been added to let users upload a new dataset to get new prescriptions. Refer to [Upload new dataset](/workflow/send-new-data/upload-new-dataset/) for more details.
- A new endpoint has been added to get the result for uploaded new dataset. Refer to [Get Dataset Result](/workflow/get-prescriptions/get-dataset-result/) for more details.
- Multiple new endpoints have been added to get various intermediate datasets, including the preprocessed dataset. This would also help the user to develop plugins. Refer to [Download Datasets](/advanced-usage/download-datasets/) for more details.
- Some endpoints have been made public to allow users to stream "real" event data to the system. Refer to [Advanced Usage - Stream New Events](/advanced-usage/stream-new-events/) for more details.

## Updated

The following updates have been made:

- If the connection of "reading simulation stream result" is closed, the server won't stop the simulation immediately. Instead, it will wait for one more minute to see if the connection is re-established. If the connection is still closed, the simulation will be stopped.
- Dependencies have been updated.
- The documentation has been updated to reflect the changes.
- The Postman collection and environment have been updated to reflect the changes. Download the latest version from [here](/getting-started/test-with-postman/).

## Fixed

The following issues have been fixed:

- A bug when `DURATION` is set in the outcome definition, but the endpoint returns an `internal server error` response.
- A database race condition issue when the simulation is running.
- A bug when outcome or treatment definition contains a datetime value, but the pre-processing return an error.
